Sprints.md, before:

# SPRINT 1 (Completed):
+ GET BASIC STYLE OF APPLICATION AND PAGES DONE ( DONE)
+ Read React Docs
+ Read Mongoose Docs
+ Read Node docs
# SPRINT 2 (3rd OCT - 11th OCT) (Completed):
+ GET DATA OFF OF SERVER AND HAVE IT STYLED(Done)
+ READJUST TIMES (done)
# SPRINT 3(16TH NOV - 31st Nov):(Completed)
+ Add more to statement schema(done)
+ Test app(done)
### Sprints were delayed in November due to exams and assignments
# SPRINT 4(9th January - 13th January)(Completed):
+ Work on about page(done)
+ work on statments page(done)
# SPRINT 5(14th January - 20th January)(Completed)
+ Add more to homepage(Done)
+ Get statements fully working and only show users(done)
+ Get Methodology section of Dissertation finished(Done)
+ Get logout function(Done)
+ Fix up Methodology section(done)
+ Get logout function working (Should be easy)(done)
# Sprint 6 (20th January - 31st January)(Completed)
(Had slight setback due to food poisoning)
+ Get loans working(Create new loans and add to db)(DONE)
+ Finish homepage(get balance showing flesh out user schema)(Done)
+ Get started on technology review(DONE)
+ get user Hash working(Done)
+ fix statements(Done)
+ rename statements to transaction(Done)
+ Work on update users page(DONE)
+ get update user function working(DONE)
+ Get delete function Working(Done)
+ Finish Majority of Technology review(DONE)
# Sprint 7 (1st February - 10th February)(Completed)
+ Check registration and do form validation(Done)
+ fix forgot password(Done)
+ fix up loans by making sure the user has at least 25% of loan amount and user can only have 5 loans(Done)
+ Add loan amount to balance(Done)
+ Add new Transaction when loan is created(Done)
+ Ensure delete function deletes all the info on user(DONE)
+ Allow change of username and update all statements and loans(Done) Issues when username is same as another it deletes
+ Finish Tech Review(Done)
# Sprint 8 (10th February - 21st February)
+ Get Statistics generated based on Loans / Statments and financial stats from google(Done just need to expand a bit more and add catches to Axios and add some styles and test)
+ Add Iban validator and bic and add to user schema(research on google)(Done but need validate)
+ Fix all issues and write tests(DONE)
+ Add Selenium to tech review(DONE)
+ Get Headlines component finished (Reddit, latest news etc...)(DONE)
+ pay back loan feature (DONE)
+ ensure user cannot delete account if they have open loans(DONE)
# Sprint 9 (21st February - 29th February)
## Set backs due to job interviews
+ review dissertation
+ Start System Design(Done)
+ fix update bug on userinfo page(Done)
+ Brainstorm ideas(tensorflowJS?)
+ research Docker + get it working(Done)
+ refactor and test code(In progress)
+ get transfer working(Done)
+ Host on google cloud(Done)
+ Finish System design & review dissertation(Done)
+ write more sprints(May be redundant)
# Sprint 10 (1st March - 10th March)
+ Finish system evaluation
+ work on tensorflowJS and add to technical and system design
+ Work on conclusion
+ fix up documentation and make sure project is submittible
# Sprint 11 (10th March - 15th March)
+ Test all code
+ Put finishing touches on project
+ Ensure cloud version is working
+ Ensure all documentation is well-written

# Issues
+ fix style on pages (maybe add animations?)
+ Add more to tech review (Need to include financial)
# ideas
+ Use tensorflowJS to analyze data from API and predict markets or to create admin chats
## Notes
### I will make periodic changes due to changes in workload, personal issues,etc
### I run regression tests as well as module tests after each sprint
### Using TDD(Test Driven Development)
### Depending on my workload some functionality documented in previous sprint files may change

Commit message:

Got loans working by allowing user to first pay back the earliest loan as it makes more sense

Sprints.md, after:

# SPRINT 1 (Completed):
+ GET BASIC STYLE OF APPLICATION AND PAGES DONE ( DONE)
+ Read React Docs
+ Read Mongoose Docs
+ Read Node docs
# SPRINT 2 (3rd OCT - 11th OCT) (Completed):
+ GET DATA OFF OF SERVER AND HAVE IT STYLED(Done)
+ READJUST TIMES (done)
# SPRINT 3(16TH NOV - 31st Nov):(Completed)
+ Add more to statement schema(done)
+ Test app(done)
### Sprints were delayed in November due to exams and assignments
# SPRINT 4(9th January - 13th January)(Completed):
+ Work on about page(done)
+ work on statments page(done)
# SPRINT 5(14th January - 20th January)(Completed)
+ Add more to homepage(Done)
+ Get statements fully working and only show users(done)
+ Get Methodology section of Dissertation finished(Done)
+ Get logout function(Done)
+ Fix up Methodology section(done)
+ Get logout function working (Should be easy)(done)
# Sprint 6 (20th January - 31st January)(Completed)
(Had slight setback due to food poisoning)
+ Get loans working(Create new loans and add to db)(DONE)
+ Finish homepage(get balance showing flesh out user schema)(Done)
+ Get started on technology review(DONE)
+ get user Hash working(Done)
+ fix statements(Done)
+ rename statements to transaction(Done)
+ Work on update users page(DONE)
+ get update user function working(DONE)
+ Get delete function Working(Done)
+ Finish Majority of Technology review(DONE)
# Sprint 7 (1st February - 10th February)(Completed)
+ Check registration and do form validation(Done)
+ fix forgot password(Done)
+ fix up loans by making sure the user has at least 25% of loan amount and user can only have 5 loans(Done)
+ Add loan amount to balance(Done)
+ Add new Transaction when loan is created(Done)
+ Ensure delete function deletes all the info on user(DONE)
+ Allow change of username and update all statements and loans(Done) Issues when username is same as another it deletes
+ Finish Tech Review(Done)
# Sprint 8 (10th February - 21st February)
+ Get Statistics generated based on Loans / Statments and financial stats from google(Done just need to expand a bit more and add catches to Axios and add some styles and test)
+ Add Iban validator and bic and add to user schema(research on google)(Done but need validate)
+ Fix all issues and write tests(DONE)
+ Add Selenium to tech review(DONE)
+ Get Headlines component finished (Reddit, latest news etc...)(DONE)
+ pay back loan feature (DONE)
+ ensure user cannot delete account if they have open loans(DONE)
# Sprint 9 (21st February - 29th February)
## Set backs due to job interviews
+ review dissertation
+ Start System Design(Done)
+ fix update bug on userinfo page(Done)
+ Brainstorm ideas(tensorflowJS?)
+ research Docker + get it working(Done)
+ refactor and test code(DONE)
+ get transfer working(Done)
+ Host on google cloud(Done)
+ Finish System design & review dissertation(Done)
+ write more sprints(May be redundant)
# Sprint 10 (1st March - 10th March)
+ Finish system evaluation
+ Work on conclusion
+ fix up documentation and make sure project is submittible
+ Fix error messages
+ Fix Loan errors
+ Add images to sys design
# Sprint 11 (10th March - 15th March)
+ Test all code(Areas of possible failure: Loans, Updates, Registration, Forgot password, delete)
+ Put finishing touches on project(Little bit of UI work test on multiple machines)
+ Ensure cloud version is working(Working now but may have to test again)
+ Ensure all documentation is well-written(review and add more images to context and add images to system desgin for each component)

# Issues
 + Add more to tech review (Need to include financial API alphavantage)
 + loan issue and error messages need to be fixed.
# ideas
+ Use tensorflowJS to analyze data from API and predict markets or to create admin chats
## Notes
### I will make periodic changes due to changes in workload, personal issues,etc
### I run regression tests as well as module tests after each sprint
### Using TDD(Test Driven Development)
### Depending on my workload some functionality documented in previous sprint files may change
